Hi, everyone.
Welcome to the lesson four.
In this lesson, you're going
to review vehicle movement
and motion models
so that you can
predict where your
self-driving car will
be at some future time.
I'm really excited
about this lesson
because I love making
robots intelligent,
and predicting
motion is a big step
for making a mobile
robot drive itself.
Motion models are an important
part of many localization
algorithms.
For example, in
Bayesian methods,
motion models are used
in the predictive step
you learned about previously.
After this lesson, you'll be
able to apply a bicycle model
to estimate the position
of the car given
sensor data such as the number
of wheel turns, velocity,
and/or the yaw rate.
Now let's get started
with some physics.
In order to predict
the location of a car,
you need to take into
account the way cars move,
and for that we have the
bicycle motion model.